all righty people this is my custom
symbiote hybrid figure that I've been
working on for the past week and yeah
he's he's been up on eBay I just haven't
had time to really upload a decent video
even quite yet but yes I've given him
the the classic claws and the toes
basically how he appeared in the comics
and if you google him you'll see that
his uh his tendrils tend to look a
little more like this and not like that
the toy biz version and all of his uh
all of his little whatever you want to
call his giant symbiote claw like back
piece is fully moveable as well see you
should get you guys a good back or a
side view of him but he has all the
normal articulation a normal Marvel
Legends figure would have and he looks
pretty pretty accurate to me if I say so
myself see if I can get someone so close
socially click compose them to wear it
all of his fingers are bendable it gave
them custom like claw-like hands because
many people like their figures to be
very articulated and especially in the
hand regions and also these are bendable
as well so you can kind of move them
around if you wanted to get different
expressions out of him but um yeah he's
been on eBay for a couple days and um if
you're interested be sure to check him
out while he's still up and be sure to
check out my website at www.keytime.com
and always open to custom work so you
guys know what to do